So how easy is it to make the move from development to production with these frameworks.
Let's take a closer look.
In the last lectures we saw the bundles sizes of all these projects and what we did see there ardy already
optimized bundles sizes.
The optimization was done by the workflows by web page and so on.
We used somebody angler's seal Eyer which set up a workflow which uses well-packed behind the scenes
and which does a lot of the optimizations we unfortunately or fortunately however you want to look at
it have to do when shipping an angler app and when going from D-Will up into production we saw that
view had a small bandos size.
So how easy is it Dan to get from a big development bundle with a lot of warning messages in it and
non optimized code to optimize code.
Let's start a new project step for angler.
We then start writing our code our development code and we have our development code run in our browser
on the development server and we have no optimizations in place here.
That means for example that our templates are not compiled which means our HMO code where we use a regular
syntax like Engy for and so on.
It's shipped to the browser.
If we were to ship it like this in our development server for example and then angle or Compounce so
understands you could say our HMO code we wrote in our component templates at runtime in the browser.
Now as you might think this will not only be a hit for the performance because it has to understand
and parse our templates off often has been loaded in the browser.
But we also have to code which is responsible for understanding it the angle or compiler.
And that of course is a problem because that increases our codebase and decreases the runtime performance
because of that compilation step which is needed at runtime.
Not super great but we can do something about it and it will come back to this for the future.
It's different when using the view.
And one of the web templates we can use with it were basically as if we want to use the runtime only
approach which means that view just doesn't ship a compiler to understand our templates.
That means that we can't use a view instance to control a part of our real HTL code but that instead
we use our view files that dot view files which are compiled to javascript only so that we have the
best of both worlds.
We can still write normal HVM all code in these files but then they are compiled as part of our workflow
so that what we shipped to the browser in the end is optimized code which is only javascript and doesn't
include any compiler or any age HTML code.
Therefore Alternatively we can also choose an approach where we have to compile or include it then we're
in the Anglo world of where we write code which also includes the view compiler which allows us to create
a new instance and control parts of our real dorm of our real age code.
We don't have to use dot view files then but we also give up on some optimization potential and therefore
we have a bigger panel size and a slower runtime performance.
Now in this case where we have uncompiled templates there is nothing we can do here.
We have to set up a workflow where we ever followed the approach of don't having the compiler and compiling
everything as part of the workflow with web pegan the view loader or of having yabber approach including
the compiler and shipping the bigger codebase and that might be up to you on what you need if you need
to work in the real HTL code and if you need to compiler at runtime or if you are saying well I can
optimize all the code during development and then ship that optimized worshipfully for react.
We don't have that problem at all.
Remember everything is javascript so we don't have any H.T. mail killed we would have to parse or things
like that.
Everything is javascript already.
So no optimization needed regarding this now that we saw the adults that we learned that it looks like
an angler is a loser because here right now it looks like we always have to compile the templates in
the browser.
In future years we have a choice and in react we don't have the problem to begin with.
Now in angler we can run ahead of time compilation as part of our workflow that is basically the same
as happens here in the runtime only approach and view chaos.
Everything is compiled to Javascript in the workflow already so that in the end what we ship again is
just javascript without dangler compiler without the need of compiling parsing our templates at runtime.
Now there are other optimizations we can put into place in all approaches too.
We can lazy load some components which means only load them if we really wisit them.
If we really need them we can mix them with pre-loading so that we don't load them eagerly at the point
of time we download the app for the first time.
But that we also don't just load them once we really need them but that we preload them before we might
need them.
We also could use tree shaking which means strip out unnecessary stuff in our code or we can try to
manually improve our tools and tweak some adjustments to write leaner shorter and more concise code.
That of course is possible that all these frameworks.
It's most important angler though because you two way ala works there is a lot of optimization needed
to get to a small bundle at the end and to get to fast code.
You could look at this as a disadvantage but since we do have the Selye which gives us a great workflow
which does all these things it's on the average and really simple while still giving you.
If you are an expert and want to do everything on your own a chance of doing it on your own that's a
bit different than the other approaches where due to the way they work you just have less fings you
can optimize So overall easier to get from development to production in the U.S. under-react but also
easy with the Angler or Selye was still giving you more options to do that on your own.
If you want to do it on your own.
So what does that mean for our overview for angular.
I'll give this a plus.
However not a fully green Plass because yeah it might be an advantage for some people that you can set
up your own workflow and do all these optimizations on your own.
But from personal experience I can tell you.
Dentals it can be a pain and the issue of potentially adding a lot of errors by missing out on some
optimizations is not that great.
So yeah the Seelye gives you an optimized workflow.
And yeah if you like it you can zap your own workflow and do everything on your own.
But overall I feel that's good.
It is good how it is but it's not perfect for you.
You could say well it's not good that we can't optimize as much as we do have to optimize for angler
but I will say the UK has done a lot of optimizations for you and you still can add lazy loading and
things like that.
It's not like you can't optimize your app but due to the way it works when picking the runtime only
approach when using the view Selye and so on.
And it's also easy to implement that if you were to set it up from scratch on your own.
You really have an easy way of getting optimized projects and the same for re-act react as javascript
only.
Therefore it already is optimized quite a lot and you can add things like lazy loading here too.
To really get the most out of it.
Let's move on to the popularity and job perspectives for these frameworks.